com/google/mlkit/md/databinding/ProductItemBinding.java
 com.google.mlkit.md.databinding.ProductItemBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/google/mlkit/md/databinding/TopActionBarInStaticImageBinding.java
 com.google.mlkit.md.databinding.TopActionBarInStaticImageBinding
com/google/mlkit/md/database/barcodeDao_Impl.java
 com.google.mlkit.md.database.barcodeDao_Impl
 com.google.mlkit.md.database.barcodeDao_Impl$1
 com.google.mlkit.md.database.barcodeDao_Impl$2
 com.google.mlkit.md.database.barcodeDao_Impl$3
 com.google.mlkit.md.database.barcodeDao_Impl$4
com/google/mlkit/md/databinding/DetectionModeItemBinding.java
 com.google.mlkit.md.databinding.DetectionModeItemBinding
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/google/mlkit/md/databinding/CameraPreviewOverlayBinding.java
 com.google.mlkit.md.databinding.CameraPreviewOverlayBinding
com/google/mlkit/md/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 com.google.mlkit.md.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
com/google/mlkit/md/databinding/ClassifierConfirmBinding.java
 com.google.mlkit.md.databinding.ClassifierConfirmBinding
com/google/mlkit/md/databinding/ActivityLiveBarcodeBindingImpl.java
 com.google.mlkit.md.databinding.ActivityLiveBarcodeBindingImpl
com/google/mlkit/md/BuildConfig.java
 com.google.mlkit.md.BuildConfig
com/google/mlkit/md/databinding/BarcodeConfirmBinding.java
 com.google.mlkit.md.databinding.BarcodeConfirmBinding
com/google/mlkit/md/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.google.mlkit.md.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.google.mlkit.md.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.google.mlkit.md.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/google/mlkit/md/database/foodDao_Impl.java
 com.google.mlkit.md.database.foodDao_Impl
 com.google.mlkit.md.database.foodDao_Impl$1
 com.google.mlkit.md.database.foodDao_Impl$2
 com.google.mlkit.md.database.foodDao_Impl$3
 com.google.mlkit.md.database.foodDao_Impl$4
com/google/mlkit/md/databinding/ActivityStaticObjectBinding.java
 com.google.mlkit.md.databinding.ActivityStaticObjectBinding
com/google/mlkit/md/databinding/ProductsPreviewCardBinding.java
 com.google.mlkit.md.databinding.ProductsPreviewCardBinding
com/google/mlkit/md/database/NucActRoomDatabase_Impl.java
 com.google.mlkit.md.database.NucActRoomDatabase_Impl
 com.google.mlkit.md.database.NucActRoomDatabase_Impl$1
com/google/mlkit/md/databinding/ClassifierBottomSheetBinding.java
 com.google.mlkit.md.databinding.ClassifierBottomSheetBinding
com/google/mlkit/md/database/diaryDao_Impl.java
 com.google.mlkit.md.database.diaryDao_Impl
 com.google.mlkit.md.database.diaryDao_Impl$1
 com.google.mlkit.md.database.diaryDao_Impl$2
 com.google.mlkit.md.database.diaryDao_Impl$3
 com.google.mlkit.md.database.diaryDao_Impl$4
com/google/mlkit/md/databinding/TopActionBarInLiveCameraBinding.java
 com.google.mlkit.md.databinding.TopActionBarInLiveCameraBinding
com/google/mlkit/md/databinding/DeliverDialogBinding.java
 com.google.mlkit.md.databinding.DeliverDialogBinding
com/google/mlkit/md/databinding/ProductBottomSheetBinding.java
 com.google.mlkit.md.databinding.ProductBottomSheetBinding
com/google/mlkit/md/databinding/ActivityLiveBarcodeBinding.java
 com.google.mlkit.md.databinding.ActivityLiveBarcodeBinding
com/google/mlkit/md/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.google.mlkit.md.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/google/mlkit/md/BR.java
 com.google.mlkit.md.BR
com/google/mlkit/md/databinding/ActivityLiveObjectBindingImpl.java
 com.google.mlkit.md.databinding.ActivityLiveObjectBindingImpl
com/google/mlkit/md/databinding/ActivityMapsBinding.java
 com.google.mlkit.md.databinding.ActivityMapsBinding
com/google/mlkit/md/databinding/LocationInfoBinding.java
 com.google.mlkit.md.databinding.LocationInfoBinding
com/google/mlkit/md/databinding/InputNutritionInfoBinding.java
 com.google.mlkit.md.databinding.InputNutritionInfoBinding
com/google/mlkit/md/databinding/ActivityLiveObjectBinding.java
 com.google.mlkit.md.databinding.ActivityLiveObjectBinding
com/google/mlkit/md/databinding/ActivitySettingsBinding.java
 com.google.mlkit.md.databinding.ActivitySettingsBinding
com/google/mlkit/md/databinding/BarcodeBottomSheetBinding.java
 com.google.mlkit.md.databinding.BarcodeBottomSheetBinding
com/google/mlkit/md/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.google.mlkit.md.DataBindingTriggerClass
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
